Fix #318: Add promoting releases to the community to dev docs (#321)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/maintenance/releases/README.md

![Animation showing how to create a release on GitHub](release.gif)

## Promoting releases to the community

Hexatomic has a mailing list for users: `hexatomic-users@lists.hu-berlin.de`.

> The maintainers of the Hexatomic software project are also [maintainers of this mailing list](TODO).

Reviewer: @stephandruskat 
Is the (TODO) link intended or did you just forget adding the right link?

Reviewer 2: Good catch, thanks! No, it isn't.

```suggestion
The maintainers of the Hexatomic software project are also [maintainers of this mailing list](https://sympa.cms.hu-berlin.de/sympa/info/hexatomic-users).
```
